1996 for suburban we came across this
thing a couple weeks ago on our quads
it's definitely custom it was someplace
in California ultra limousine I don't
know we love these old things it's
actually pretty clean
definitely did a good job the body line
nice and straight
it's got the tailgate it's a
two-wheel-drive probably it has a 450 I
got 450 for most likely a big block I'm
guessing that these guys gives it for
telling their trailers rockers in pretty
good shape
nice blue interior not the nicest but
it's got 64,000 miles on it probably a
hunter sakes you fool it might be a
hundred sixty-four not sure
must've extended driveshaft and hit
there I think is where they must a weld
a frame it's a little rusty but not bad
for you like for a New York truck
let's not have been driven very often up
here does have the guess the fourth row
you can go it so that would make this a
12-passenger I'm pretty sure
I don't know cool truck definitely
one-of-a-kind does don't see that very
often